[Paul] I suspected
you may come to Sun Jewel,
so I've held this for you.
The object in your hands contains
the record of Valkyrie's truth.
[beeping]
[Rebecca] I can't believe it.
This is Valkyrie's truth?
[panting]
[grunts]
[tense music playing]
["FOREVER" by L'Arc-en-Ciel playing]
10 YEARS AGO
PLANET OEDO
While not very cultured,
this planet is still rather pleasant.
MY MOTHER, THE MACHINE
Oh, yeah!
The sushi is delicious, isn't it?
Yes, indeed, this is quite delicious.
-[giggles]
-[gasps]
Hey, there! I told you to stop moving!
Sorry, Teacher!
Oh, boy.
I'm surprised such a little cry-baby
would desire to learn
swordsmanship from me.
I want to become stronger,
and when I am,
I'll be the swordswoman who helps you out
when you're the one in trouble!
I'm way too embarrassed
to admit this out loud right now,
I secretly love you, Teacher!
[chuckles softly]
[Valkyrie] Don't move.
[young Homura] You got it, Teacher!
[gentle music playing]
-Yum!
-This stuff is really delicious.
Teacher, the kimono
looks really good on you.
Oh, you think so?
You look really cute.
[gasps softly]
That stuffed animal.
You carry it everywhere.
Does it hold some significance for you?
It's important cuz my mom gave it to me.
Ah…
[young Homura]
I always bring it wherever I go.
That way, my mom can find me again.
Oh…
[Valkyrie] Hold on a second,
is your mother still alive?
I thought she died in the war.
Hmm-mm. She's alive.
She left this planet
before the war started.
[Valkyrie] But why?
[young Homura] Mom said she was
going away for a bit to get money.
I see.
[old lady 1] There's the robot
everyone's talking about.
[old lady 2] The one that went
on a rampage in the southern conflict?
[old lady 3] Oh my!
Why does that killing machine
have a human girl with her?
[old lady 1] Please, don't tell me
a robot's pretending to be her mother.
She's not my mother!
She's actually my teacher!
Valkyrie is a really strong teacher,
and she's also very kind!
[all gasp]
[frustrated sigh]
Homura, please, stop saying
everything that pops into your head!
But they were…
Although, your honesty's
what's so nice about you.
[giggles]
FIVE YEARS LATER
[Kenta] Homura,
your mom is like super cool.
I mean, after all, she is a robot.
Yeah, Teacher's cool,
but she's not my mother.
Hey, uh, are your mom's robot boobs soft?
Yo, could we borrow your mom,
so we can like find out for ourselves?
You gotta lend her to us! She's so cool!
Listen, she isn't my mother,
and she's not an object.
Don't you know robots
are considered objects, you stupid idiot?
[Kenta] They're not humans, obviously!
[grunts] Robots have hearts.
-[laughs] They do not!
-C'mon, Homura, just gimme your robot!
I wanna touch it! Really badly!
[Homura grunts]
Stop being ridiculous
or I'm going to get angry!
What?! You're the one
who's being ridiculous!
I told you to give
the robot to me, so do it!
News flash, my dad is the city magistrate!
Do it or else I'll go tell him!
And then your dumb, robotic mother
will get torn up into a zillion pieces!
[clacking]
[angry grunt]
Uh… what the heck is up with that face?
Cut it out! You want us to beat you up?
[dramatic music playing]
[magistrate] Valkyrie, Homura,
you may raise your heads.
After reviewing the incident,
I'd like to settle this matter amicably,
and I'd like to do so
with grace and honor,
despite the fact that
this was a children's squabble.
That's much appreciated, Lord Magistrate.
Homura, if you apologize to my son, Kenta,
right here and now,
you shall not need to be punished.
Tell me, "Sorry."
Homura. We must do what he says.
[frustrated grunt]
-[Homura] I won't.
-[Valkyrie gasps]
-Huh?
-[gasp]
Using Ether Gear
to combat the weak isn't honorable.
It's not a fair fight.
What you did was just violence.
Say you're sorry.
Your teacher orders you.
[angry grunt]
No way.
You're seriously not going to apologize?
My father is promising you'll be forgiven
if you just apologize to me!
[Homura] You're the ones
who should apologize!
Huh…?
You and your friends insulted my teacher!
Say sorry!
[gasps]
Huh?! What do I need to apologize for?
I'm the one who's hurt here!
-'Cause you lost the fight!
-[gasps]
Then went crying straight to your father
even though you were barely hurt!
It's embarrassing!
Excuse me? What did you just say?
Father! I want her branded
as punishment for her crimes against me!
[clack]
Oh, good grief.
We'll brand Homura's forehead with
"Daughter of a Mechanical Mommy."
You jerk!
-[Valkyrie] Homura!
-[Kenta] What the heck?
[Homura] You're gonna pay!
[sighs] Send the children outside.
[official] Yes, sir!
[magistrate] It's Valkyrie, correct?
If you can't properly discipline your kid,
then you ought to stop pretending
to be that child's mother.
This is not… how I raised her.
Well, I suppose
I'm hardly one to talk, am I? [chuckles]
Unfortunately, my son
is the result of spoiling a child,
and yet, I'm still able to love him.
You're implying that machines
are incapable of feeling love?
[magistrate] Oh, no.
This is not about
being a human versus a machine.
The point I'm trying to make is,
raising kids won't always go
the way you think.
However, you are still able to love them,
because of the fact
that they're your flesh and blood.
Do you understand what I mean?
You are not her mother.
[grunts]
[gentle music playing]
[Homura cries] It's so unfair!
[sobbing]
[crying] They are the ones
who should apologize to us!
It's just so frustrating!
[Homura continues crying]
[Valkyrie] I had no words. Normally,
I would have been able to think
of something comforting to say to her.
However, for some strange reason,
I was at an utter loss for words.
Perhaps, it might have been
because Homura was holding
the physical embodiment
of her connection with her mother.
It was at that point in time,
that I decided I would go off
and look for Homura's real mother.
[Xiaomei] And so,
you left that little girl behind?
[Valkyrie] Homura can handle herself now.
I was the reason she was being harassed
by the members of that community, anyway.
Besides, I left a note.
Well, you see, a neighborhood cat ran off
ith the note before Homura could find it.
[Valkyrie] What the heck?!
I saw this occur.
Good grief.
Seems I left without saying goodbye.
Well then, it's a good thing
I plan to go back after I'm done.
Won't be an issue.
By which, you would mean,
after finding Homura's biological mom?
[Valkyrie] Impressive.
I guess you really do know everything.
I am the Time Oracle!
I think it's clear
Homura needs her mother.
So, will you tell me
where her real mother is?
I will take a look.
[Xiaomei] Homura's mother…
Kurenai Kogetsu's whereabouts.
[Valkyrie]
I finally found you, Kurenai Kogetsu.
[Kurenai gasps]
-Who are you?
-My name is Valkyrie Yuna.
Kurenai Kogetsu? You are Homura's mother?
Homura?
[Kurenai] Oh, I see.
She's still alive?
My daughter?
[Valkyrie] It seems like you've received
quite the harsh treatment here.
Of course I have.
This whole planet is ruled over
by the lecherous Baron Mordo.
It's all okay now.
I can take you off of this planet
and back to Homura.
[Kurenai scoffs]
What are you talking about?
As long as I've got this collar on,
I'm just a slave to this place.
Taken care of.
I've brought someone who can remove that.
[gasps]
Yeah, that's correct, Valkyrie.
I could remove Kurenai's collar
with my Steal Hand Ether Gear,
but I'm not looking
for any trouble, you hear?
This guy's Paul the Bandit.
Paul the Former Bandit!
If you can remove collars,
why haven't you removed your own?
Thank you very much for asking.
I wish to continue working
as a miner on Sun Jewel,
because there are some rare ores
you can find on this planet
that actually don't get transferred
to Baron Mordo.
[Paul]
I'm talking about concentrated Ether.
Lacrima, AKA Celestial Tears.
These precious gems
can fetch a pretty high price.
Trust me. Don't worry
about Paul the Bandit.
-Huh?!
-That being said, let's go.
Homura's waiting for you.
[gasps]
I'm genuinely thankful for the offer,
but I can't go with you.
[Valkyrie] What?
I have a lot of debt,
more than you could ever imagine.
I traveled here to Sun Jewel
in order to get rich quick,
but all I got instead
was a massive debt to the casinos.
If I don't repay
what I owe to Baron Mordo,
they'll come for me! She'll be in danger!
[gasps]
That's why I can't run away
from my enslavement.
I won't risk her getting hurt.
-I see. Well, that's easy enough.
-Huh?
Paul, please transfer
Kurenai Kogetsu's collar onto my neck.
-Huh?
-Then I can pay off her debt, see?
Simple solution.
No way!
You can't do that!
I understand well
how the system works here.
Leave it to me.
I'm a combat specialist.
But, Teacher, no…
I would bring shame
to the name of the Four Shining Stars
if were to leave without freeing you.
[Valkyrie] Please, Kurenai.
I must fulfill my objective.
This is why I came here.
Go back home and see Homura.
[crying softly]
I will never forget about this debt
for the rest of my life.
As long as I live, Lady Valkyrie.
[tweets]
TWO YEARS LATER
[biting]
Well, I've got to say,
that truly did not last very long.
Did it, Teacher?
Huh? What do you mean?
I just heard a rumor about
the woman you're attempting to save
by putting your life
and freedom on the line.
You know, Kurenai Kogetsu.
It turns out,
after I took the collar off of her neck,
she stayed here and went on
to marry that Baron Mordo.
Kurenai didn't go back
and reunite with Homura?!
Next time I see her,
I'm going to drag her back there!
[Paul] Well, here's the thing.
That woman assassinated
her new husband, Baron Mordo.
Then took complete control of this planet,
and now, Kogetsu calls herself
Madame Kurenai.
[Valkyrie] I don't understand.
What happened?
That's simply the kind of person
this woman was.
Oh, please don't hold her deeds
against other humans, Teacher.
[angry grunt]
Don't worry. I know.
Humans and androids
have potential to be cruel.
Hey, Paul, take off my collar!
I'm going to correct that woman,
and set her head straight!
Right!
-[loud rumble]
-[grunts]
[explosion]
What the--
Over there. By the mines.
[crowd screaming]
[clamoring]
[screams]
[crowd screaming]
[pained scream]
[terrified screams]
A horde of bloodthirsty Stones?
[slashing]
[gasp]
Lady Valkyrie! Help us out!
It's the fault of that woman
who took over for Baron Mordo!
-[gasps]
-[Van] She demanded we harvest more metal.
[Eger] She purposefully aggravated
the Stones waiting for us in the mines!
[angry trembling]
Kurenai!
[Eger] They're all heading
toward the residential district!
[Yak] Defensive line, now!
[Van] We have to stop
these monsters, right here!
[intense music playing]
Retreat! Protect the residential district!
Huh? What about you?
I'll hold the line here
and stop these beasts!
I'm responsible
for freeing that evil woman!
I can handle this one alone!
You're crazy!
There's too many of those things!
[Valkyrie] Go!
Valkyrie Battle Attire System Online!
Activate Odin Strike!
I shall show no mercy,
and teach you what
the Sword of Edens can do!
[rapid gunfire]
[blast]
[intense music continues]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[Kurenai] Oh, look!
It's raining precious gems!
I'm going to be filthy rich!
Well done, industrious
yet expendable prisoners!
[maniacal laughter]
[yelling]
[intense music continues]
[armor powers down]
[exhales]
[rumbling]
-[Valkyrie grunting]
-[slashing]
[yelling]
[screaming]
[silence]
[clang]
[gasping]
[panting]
[continues panting]
I know you're not my mom, but I love you.
[chuckles softly]
[Valkyrie] Now, I realize…
I never did let you know
that I feel the same, that I…
[delicate music playing]
…love you too.
[delicate music continues]
[sobbing]
Teacher…
[sobbing] No…
This can't be!
[sobbing] It can't be true…
[gasping]
Lady Valkyrie died trying to save
all the prisoners on Sun Jewel…
Sacrificed herself.
[Homura sobbing] Teacher…
[in tears] I… wanted to… see you…
[sobbing] …again, Teacher,
at least once more!
This isn't right! [sobs]
Hey, Teacher! It's me!
Can you hear me?! It's Homura!
Please, answer me!
Teacher! [sobbing]
[Homura] Please!
[Homura] Wake up! [sobbing]
[Homura continues crying]
Wait, I know!
Weisz can fix Teacher, right?
Or Sister, maybe?!
[crying]
Unfortunately,
when an android's core has stopped,
it is the same as
what humans would call death.
[sobbing] No way!
I can't believe it. No!
I refuse to believe I won't be able
to see Teacher ever again!
[Homura cries, devastated]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[laughter]
How's Homura?
Not good.
Homura has not left Valkyrie's side.
Guess the Four Shining Stars
will never come together.
I suppose not, Happy.
I believe you are right.
I had no idea
that young woman outside is Homura.
Everyone here
has pledged themselves to Lady Valkyrie.
Been calling ourselves
Valkyrie Clan since she died.
If that's really true,
then why have you left
Valkyrie's body out there?
[Van] It's not like that at all!
The remains of Valkyrie's
last stand is our symbol!
[Eger] Even in death, Lady Valkyrie
gives us the strength to go on!
And besides, we had a feeling
Homura might come one day,
and thought we shouldn't
disturb Valkyrie until she did.
[Rebecca] Oh, I see.
All us prisoners have been secretly
preparing ourselves to join forces
and overthrow Madame Kurenai
and we're calling it the Resistance.
[Rebecca] The Resistance?
Now that Homura's finally arrived,
our plan has the last piece of the puzzle.
She will want to join our fight,
won't she?
[grunts softly]
[Rebecca] I think it'd be for the best
if we give Homura some space right now.
Your teacher sounds absolutely awesome.
So strong, and incredibly cool, too.
And, I mean, she fought to protect people.
That's very brave.
Your Teacher must've had
a really kind heart.
I'm sure she would've been
one of my best friends if we met.
[Homura] Shiki…
I might not be able to…
ever recover from the loss of her.
[Shiki] You know, Homura,
that's fine for now.
[Homura] No, really…
I may not be able to…
I just can't…
[Shiki] Well, when my Grandpa,
the Demon King, passed away,
I was also really depressed.
But luckily, I had Michael and all
my other friends in the Granbell Kingdom.
They helped me get back on my feet.
[grunts softly]
You have friends
who will help you, too, Homura.
[Shiki] That's why I'm certain
you'll be able to move forward.
[sudden music sting]
[ward] Crimson Eyes.
Targeting the labor district.
Inputting radiation code.
Commencing weapon system check.
[chuckles]
You can't be serious!
There are tens of thousands of people
in that neighborhood!
There's no more money to be made there.
More importantly, however,
I won't stand those pieces of trash
rising up against me,
not while my prisoners worship
that scrap pile, Lady Valkyrie.
Lady Valkyrie?
But I thought that the android
had freed you and saved your life!
Of course, that's not what happened.
I merely used the bot
like the tool it was.
There's no reason
I should have to put up with their scorn.
The laborers are garbage,
unworthy of life on my planet.
Besides, Valkyrie didn't free me,
she was sending me back to my daughter
and the prison of motherhood.
[chuckles]
What a sanctimonious automaton!
I purposefully left
that annoying brat behind!
[Kurenai evil laughter echoes]
[whooshing]
[glass shatters]
[gasps]
Which of one you jerkwads
is Madame Kurenai?
Who's asking?
[Shiki] So it's you!
I'm bringing you
to the labor district to see Homura.
'Cause that's what her teacher,
Lady Valkyrie, wanted.
Homura? What's she doing on this planet?
Is she mad at me?
Or is the cry-baby sobbing
over the fact that I abandoned her?
I think I'll let Homura decide
what should be done with you.
I'm sorry, but your plan
isn't going to work for me.
Unfortunately, I'm not at all
interested in having a daughter.
[grunts]
[thud]
[rumbling]
[Nino] What the heck?
The floor is collapsing!
[loud bang]
You're coming with me.
First I'll knock some sense into you!
Oh, how scary!
I'm shaking in my high heels.
[chuckles]
["Sekai no Himitsu" by Sayuri playing]
UNTIL THE DAY IT TURNS TO STRENGTH